---
description: Leadership Meeting Fall 2025
---

# 9/1/2025

**General Announcements**

* [GitBook](https://app.gitbook.com/o/VgqQpOyMtIqpSG170vlO/s/UuRMvpyeM6qdlkjmzeYV/) | Notes, documentation
  * Request access from Sam, Gus
* [Notion](https://www.notion.so/1e769fc04635804cbf0dc10664dbc7b6?v=1e769fc04635808ab9b1000c6272e030) | Timeline, task tracking
  * Request access from David
* [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0AKxDeNG8SvqIUk9PVA) | File storage
  * Access reset for general members, contact Alfredo or Mihir for 2025-2026 access
  * Email collection for general members will begin at safety meetings
* **Everyone should now have after-hours swipe access to BIDC**
  * Ask Josh about high-bay access
* Resume review Sep 3rd 6:00 PM



Tuesday Meeting Agenda

* General overview of each subteam - Mech, Composites, Electrical, Ops
* Redo PSR roster survey linked in discord #rules - QR code
* BIDC membership agreement quiz
* Sub-team breakouts and introductions
  * Directors go over onboarding plans
  * Get NX setup?
* Anything else?
