---
description: Leadership Meeting Fall 2025
---

# 9/8/2025

**General Announcements**

* [GitBook](https://app.gitbook.com/o/VgqQpOyMtIqpSG170vlO/s/UuRMvpyeM6qdlkjmzeYV/) | Notes, documentation
  * Request access from Sam, Gus
* [Notion](https://www.notion.so/1e769fc04635804cbf0dc10664dbc7b6?v=1e769fc04635808ab9b1000c6272e030) | Timeline, task tracking
  * Request access from David
* [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0AKxDeNG8SvqIUk9PVA) | File storage
  * Access reset for general members, contact Alfredo or Mihir for 2025-2026 access
  * Email collection for general members will begin at safety meetings
* BIDC swipe access list last call
  * Meet with Josh + composites team about high bay access



**Upcoming Events:**

* General tomorrow 6-7 PM
* Garage hours Saturday 10 AM
* SpaceX | PSR private networking event
  * Thursday, September 18th, 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM, HAMP 2118
* Tinkerfest: September 18-20 @Indiana State Museum



**Subteam Updates**

Onboarding:

* Total member count per subteam
* Plans for Tuesday / Saturday

Artemis

* CAD freeze September 30th



Ops:

* Upcoming BBQ / Movie night
* Schedule team photos / website updates
* SAO equipment grant funding
* PEPC crowdfunding campaign

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (75).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>
